DAN KUSO (VOICEOVER): After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan
interspace and forced us out, things
took a turn for the worse in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home so we
could help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were made members of the Castle Knights.
Now, Earth and Neathia were United
in the struggle to keep Barodius from stealing the sacred orb.
Lucky for us, we have the most powerful Bakugan, Dragonoid
Colossus, on our side.
Now, Drago!
Bakugan Brawl!
[theme music playing] What are you going to do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall, got to give it your all.
This is the final stand, the power's in your hands.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You gotta fight for what's right before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
My head's killing me.
What happened to me?
DAN KUSO (VOICEOVER): The Bakugan
Battle Brawlers in Sid Returns.
What's wrong, Ren?
What I'm saying is that I don't believe
you're being honest with me.
You say that, but I still can't believe that you mean it.
People like you give me hope that the future of Gundalia
will be better than we ever dreamed.
Why is it everyone questions my motivations
for working for the emperor?
Poor Sid, Jesse, Lena, Zenet.
Too many have fallen for me not to see
this all the way through.
Our attack on the revived second shield
will commence at dawn.
Time is of the essence, so we will need to rally the troops
immediately, understood?
Yes, sir.
Stop fighting.
Kazarina, our attack is only hours away.
We'll need you to hypnotize another batch of kids from--
Sorry.
What?
Right now, I need to focus on completing Exokor's upgrades,
Gill.
Your petty distractions aren't my problem, got it?
You'll have to make do with the Gundalian soldiers.
I see.
[evil laughter]
Attention, all personnel.
Report to transport ships immediately.
Repeat, report to transport ships immediately.
Ren.
[snoring]
Everything is so quiet out there.
It's almost too quiet.
Spooky.
Guys, keep your wits about you.
The Gundalian's won't stay idle for long.
No kidding.
Then why wait around, Dan, let's take the fight to them.
Slow down, Jake.
Don't you remember what Queen Serena said?
I appreciate the skills you bring
to the fight against our enemies,
but you must remember, my people are not the experienced
warriors that your people are.
Therefore, I must ask you to act with caution.
We gotta take it low and slow.
OK, you got it, low and slow.
Hey, guys, over there.
Let's rock!
Linehalt, are you ready?
Yes.
Just remember all the reasons we fight.
So that we may learn what the forbidden power is.
And so that we will never have to live in darkness again.
REN AND LINEHALT: Let's go.
Come on!
Ability activate!
Strike blaster!
Just like knocking down bowling pins, pal.
Except that bowling pins don't fire back.
Another perfect strike.
Where did that come from?
A high powered cannon, just like--
Battle gear ability, activate.
Mega blaster boost.
Whoa!
I'm going wide.
Follow them now, Linehalt.
There they are.
Huh?
Drago, let's duck inside there.
You got it.
That was easy.
Yes, way too easy.
Looking for us, guys?
How did he get behind us?
Think fast.
Now, Drago!
Ability activate!
Crossfire!
You'll never win!
Ability activate!
Razen Breaker!
[screaming]
We've got them on the run now, Drago!
I won't go back to the darkness, Linehalt!
Ability activate!
Blitz hammer!
Is that all you've got?
Ability activate!
Dark javelin!
Particle wave!
Ability activate!
Darkness blizzard!
Try this one, pal.
Ability activate!
Blaze Fernum!
Razen Breaker!
That's it, Linehalt. Hold steady, now.
We've almost got him.
Linehalt, no!
That didn't hurt.
I lost my concentration, there.
Ren, why are you even doing this, dude?
What are you talking about?
Why are you fighting for a creep like Barodius?
Like I need to explain myself to you.
But if you must know, I fight for the emperor
because he's giving me my freedom,
and I owe him everything for that.
Well for someone who's supposed to be free,
you sure look miserable.
This might sound crazy, but when I think about how
you and Marucho acted together when you were working
on Bakugan interspace, you looked truly happy,
even though it was supposed to be
a trick you were playing on us.
Enough, OK?
You don't understand anything.
Then explain it to me.
I know what I saw, Ren.
You can't fake that kind of happiness.
So maybe we weren't the only ones being fooled by you.
Maybe you were lying to yourself, too.
It's time you were honest for once
and admit you'd rather be fighting with us.
I've had enough of you!
You who don't know me!
I'm a Gundalian, born and bred.
You got that?
A Gundalian!
And a brawler.
Brawler?
Or did you forget that we all welcomed you as one of our own?
Well, answer me now, Ren!
Your level of dedication toward my people
is what I mean.
Humm?
You're fighting just as hard to defend Gundalia
as you would your own planet.
You're one of us now, Ren.
The Battle Brawlers aren't just a team.
We're family, which means that if anybody threatens a member,
we band together to fight.
From today forward, you will be caring for the dark Bakugan
who lives here.
I don't want to do it.
This is your destiny, boy.
As a descendant of the protectors of the dark Bakugan,
this is what you must do.
This child is who they sent to care for me?
As the last of the Dark Bakugans,
it appears as though I am not valued.
[screaming]
Ren!
I won't go back to living in the darkness!
But Barodius put you there in the first place!
Join us, Ren, please!
I-I can't forget the fallen.
I must honor their memories.
Let's leave the darkness for good, Linehalt!
Yes.
What?
Ah, snap.
You are done.
Drago!
I'm OK, but we need to take these guys down.
I know, pal, and I think I've got just the right tool.
Nice.
BAKUGAN GAUNTLET: Ready, cross-blaster.
Battle gear boost!
Battle gear ability activate!
Thrust buster neo!
Battle gear ability, activate!
Mega blaster lock!
Ren!
Keep going!
Ability activate, Bolting Vibra!
No way.
Ability activate!
Blaze reflector!
You like that one, huh?
DAN AND RUBANOID: Ability activate!
Corundum tusk!
[screaming]
What?
Rubanoid?
But how?
No time for chit chat, buddy.
We're in the middle of a battle.
Huh?
Let's go.
Ability activate!
Scarlet plate!
What?
[screaming]
Hey, how about a little help here, huh, Ren?
Sid?
Who else?
Ability activate!
Razen breaker!
Drago, fire up the blaze reflector, now!
Hah, you're puny little shield won't work.
Battle gear, boost!
Battle gear ability activate!
Destrakon Gear Brinel!
Battle gear ability, activate!
Mega blaster lock!
No sweat.
Battle gear ability activate!
Cross buster neo!
Drago!
Linehalt!
Rubanoid!
Two against one won't stop us!
Gate card, set!
You're finished!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan, stand!
Crush these guys, Linehalt!
Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, stand!
Rise, Pyrus Rubanoid!
It's time for a little mobile assault action!
Agreed, let's do it.
BAKUGAN GAUNTLET: Ready, Jackalier.
All right, mobile assault, launch!
Drago!
A battle vehicle?
OK!
Battle gear, boost!
Wait for me!
Don't think I'm going to let Ren have all that fun!
Battle gear, boost!
Battle gear, ability activate!
Destrakon gear, Brinel!
I'm gonna enjoy this!
Just keep still, now.
He's fast.
Hah, you just learning that now!
Ability activate!
Shooting flamer!
What?
Take them out, Rubanoid!
With pleasure!
Seriously?
Oh no!
Let's go, gate card open!
Power slider!
That's right!
BAKUGAN GAUNTLET: Ready cross-buster.
Battle gear, boost!
Time to step it up.
Battle gear ability, activate!
Mega blaster lock!
Destrakon gear, Brinel!
This is it!
Battle gear ability, activate!
Cross-buster, flame impact!
[screaming]
Oh man, not again!
Yeah!
Sid, I thought you were--
No way, dude.
The other's are still around, too,
but they're all bottled up right now.
They're still alive?
Yeah.
Huh, that's great.
Look out!
What was that?
Is that?
Dharak!
Insolent fool, how dare he try to escape?
Yeah, I've got you, Sid.
I always thought you were weak, Ren.
But I guess you finally proved me wrong.
Take care of him, will you?
Sid, what do you mean?
Don't worry about the rest of us, Ren.
Just do what you have to do, OK?
Sid!
Time to go, Ren.
Don't do it!
Dan--
Ren!
Wait!
You're wasting your breath.
You jerk!
Save your petty insults for the battlefield.
Where'd he go?
Don't worry, he'll be back.
REN (VOICEOVER): For so long, now,
Emperor Barodious has been promising Linehalt
and I a life in the sun.
But with each battle, it seems to slip
farther and farther away.
Is he just making empty promises?
Or is it possible that with Exokor's upgrades now complete,
he will finally make our dreams come true?
All I need to do is defeat the brawlers to find out.
Tune in to watch me take them down.
Wait a minute, is that Dharak and the emperor?
You won't steal my dream!
[exit music]